content/1.index.md, before:

---
navigation.title: 'Home'
---

# PlebAI




Big techs are pouring billions into building closed source AI models, to keep everyone under lock and key. Yet, the true evolution of AI will come not from walled gardens, but from the open collaboration of plebs worldwide.

Plebs will #buildinpublic and beat them at their own game. We built an AI Chatbot that relies solely on open-source large Language Models (LLMs). Check it out.


::button-link{icon="simple-icons:livechat" href="https://chat.plebai.com" blank}
 Open App
::



## Features

::list{icon=ph:check-circle-duotone}
- No email or signups required
- No credit card or up front payment required
- No Ads or trackers
- Chat history only stored on the browser
- Using only open source LLMs
- Pay with SATS for premium data and faster response (Coming soon)
::

## Solution Architecture

We carefully select and utilize the appropriate open-source tools to ensure a seamless integration. Fortunately, there is a wide array of tools available that allow us to piece everything together.

#### Prem AI for hosting Language models

By leveraging state-of-the-art Open-Source Large Language Models (LLMs), Prem offers a unified environment for deploying AI models on your infrastructure. Even with small-scale CPU machines, LLMs can be executed, and models can be accessed through APIs.

#### GPT4ALL Lora Q4 as LLM

GPT4All, developed by Nomic AI, is a chatbot trained on an extensive corpus of assistant interactions. By fine-tuning LLaMA 7B, GPT4All provides an open-source ecosystem for training and deploying efficient, assistant-style large language models locally on consumer-grade CPUs.

#### BIG-AGI Chat user interface

Big-AGI has developed an easy-to-use chat interface that can be quickly customized and deployed. Although it is primarily designed for use with OpenAI ChatGPT, we have modified it to work with our open-source model.

#### Langchain

Langchain enables the integration of external data sources, integration with 3rd party APIs, and the ability to utilize long-term memory and call multiple LLMs. We are currently experimenting with new APIs and data sources.

#### L402 (Lightning Labs)

L402, previously known as LSAT, is a standard that supports the use case of charging for services and authenticating users in distributed networks. It combines the strengths of Macaroons for improved authentication with the capabilities of the Lightning Network for enhanced payments. We plan to utilize this standard to access 3rd party data and APIs.

#### getAlby (Chrome extension)

In the near future, we will enable payment with sats (satoshis) to access premium features and 3rd party data. This approach ensures user anonymity while facilitating seamless payment processing. The Alby wallet, available as a Chrome extension, simplifies the payment process for these services.

Commit message:

updated solution architecture with redis

content/1.index.md, after:

---
navigation.title: 'Home'
---

# PlebAI




Big techs are pouring billions into building closed source AI models, to keep everyone under lock and key. Yet, the true evolution of AI will come not from walled gardens, but from the open collaboration of plebs worldwide.

Plebs will #buildinpublic and beat them at their own game. We built an AI Chatbot that relies solely on open-source large Language Models (LLMs). Check it out.


::button-link{icon="simple-icons:livechat" href="https://chat.plebai.com" blank}
 Open App
::



## Features

::list{icon=ph:check-circle-duotone}
- No email or signups required
- No credit card or up front payment required
- No Ads or trackers
- Chat history only stored on the browser
- Using only open source LLMs
- Pay with SATS for premium data and faster response (Coming soon)
::

## Solution Architecture

We carefully select and utilize the appropriate open-source tools to ensure a seamless integration. Fortunately, there is a wide array of tools available that allow us to piece everything together.

#### Prem AI for hosting Language models

By leveraging state-of-the-art Open-Source Large Language Models (LLMs), Prem offers a unified environment for deploying AI models on your infrastructure. Even with small-scale CPU machines, LLMs can be executed, and models can be accessed through APIs.

#### GPT4ALL Lora Q4 as LLM

GPT4All, developed by Nomic AI, is a chatbot trained on an extensive corpus of assistant interactions. By fine-tuning LLaMA 7B, GPT4All provides an open-source ecosystem for training and deploying efficient, assistant-style large language models locally on consumer-grade CPUs.

#### BIG-AGI Chat user interface

Big-AGI has developed an easy-to-use chat interface that can be quickly customized and deployed. Although it is primarily designed for use with OpenAI ChatGPT, we have modified it to work with our open-source model.

#### Langchain

Langchain enables the integration of external data sources, integration with 3rd party APIs, and the ability to utilize long-term memory and call multiple LLMs. We are currently experimenting with new APIs and data sources.

#### Redis Vector Store

LLMs are stateless and require data to be sent at every invocation. Using redis store to store data as embeddings. Redis can be created inside prem.ai dashboard and monitor the running state. 

#### L402 (Lightning Labs)

L402, previously known as LSAT, is a standard that supports the use case of charging for services and authenticating users in distributed networks. It combines the strengths of Macaroons for improved authentication with the capabilities of the Lightning Network for enhanced payments. We plan to utilize this standard to access 3rd party data and APIs.

#### getAlby (Chrome extension)

In the near future, we will enable payment with sats (satoshis) to access premium features and 3rd party data. This approach ensures user anonymity while facilitating seamless payment processing. The Alby wallet, available as a Chrome extension, simplifies the payment process for these services.
